♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR]
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] Luffy's first
stop in the New World
was the island of Punk Hazard,
where he formed an alliance with
Trafalgar Law and captured the
evil scientist, Caesar Clown.
Now, his crew departs for their
next destination, Dressrosa.
[LAW]
Let's negotiate.
[DOFLAMINGO grunts]
Resign from the Seven Warlords.
That's all.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hm?
[LAW]
You have until tomorrow.
So long.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Click!
Just a damn minute! Law!
[DOFLAMINGO]
I'm gonna kill that brat!
[BREED]
You found the Straw Hats?
[LUFFY]
"Caesar Goes Missing!
The Pirate Alliance
Makes a Sortie!"
[CREW snoring]
[USOPP] I just know Doflamingo's
gonna sneak up on us
in the dead of night!
Get it over with already, man!
Better yet,
just don't come at all!
[CHOPPER]
We can never fall asleep again!
[yawns] Looks like the
horizon is all clear. Yup.
It's time.
Chopper. Do you see that?
[CHOPPER]
Huh?
--[LAW] Hm?
--[LUFFY gasps]
[FRANKY yelps]
What the heck's going on now?
[USOPP, CHOPPER grunt]
Sounds like company!
What could it be?
[USOPP, CHOPPER whimper]
[gasps]
[ALL gasp]
[BOTH yell]
[LUFFY grunts]
Hey!
[ZORO] Where did these
things come from?
[SANJI] There's too
many of them to count!
[BROOK]
Oh, dear!
Even if I had eyes,
it's too dark to see them!
[KIN'EMON grunts] They're quite
the formidable opponents!
[LAW grunts] Who are they?
What do they want with us?
[SEA LAPIN A mumbles]
Hold on a second, I think
it just said something!
[yells]
Keep it down!
We're trying to sleep!
Wha-- Ah!
[BREED whistles]
[SEA LAPIN B growls]
Now what?
Why'd they jump ship?
Where'd they go?
[BREED] Pleased to make
your acquaintance.
Who's there?
[BREED laughs]
[BREED]
You may call me "Breed".
That's a taste of the power
of my Pet-Pet Fruit.
Pet-Pet Fruit?
I don't think I want any
pets from you, buddy!
That's not Doflamingo.
Yeah, this is weird.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
No! Caesar!
You give him back!
[laughs]
Did you simpletons really think
you could keep me prisoner?
Well, you should never have
underestimated Doflamingo!
So this guy takes orders
from Doflamingo, too?
Hey!
[grunts]
[BROOK]
Luffy!
[grunts]
[SANJI] How did that hurt you?
You're rubber!
Wait a sec.
Maybe... that thing
can use haki!
[grunts]
You'll pay for that!
[BREED laughs] Well then,
Caesar and I will be going now!
Not so fast!
Ah! What now?
[NAMI yelps]
[FRANKY yells]
These waves are massive!
Why do those waves
look like rabbits?
[FRANKY] The ship's bouncing
all over the place!
I can't control it!
[NAMI grunts]
[gasps]
Hey, what's that?
Guys, look up there!
[BROOK gasps]
That's rather intimidating!
[ROBIN]
It's as large as an island!
If that Jolly Roger
is any indication,
it's a ship, which means our
new friend must be a pirate!
We have to catch him! We can't
let him leave with Caesar!
[FRANKY] Luffy! Hop into the
Shark Submerge, hurry!
It only holds three people,
but it's the fastest
way to catch up!
[LUFFY]
On my way!
[CHOPPER] I'll go with you!
I need to check something out.
Cool!
Then what do you want us to do?
[LUFFY]
Look after the Sunny!
[USOPP gasps]
Leave everything to me!
Rest assured, the ship's
in capable hands!
[LAW]
Stay on your guard, Nosey!
[USOPP]
E-Eh?
We can't be sure Doflamingo
won't come attack us himself.
Watch your back, all right?
That's true. Wait, did you
just call me Nosey?!
[USOPP gasps]
They're already off?
Hope they're okay.
[NAMI, USOPP]
Huh?
[ROBIN] All of them are
cursed by Devil Fruits,
and now they're deep underwater.
[NAMI, USOPP yell]
[USOPP]
Crap, I didn't think about that!
[CHOPPER]
Hm. Found 'em!
Let's step on it, Chopper!
Luffy. Don't you think those
guys look like Lapins?
Like who?
You know, those big rabbits
that you saw on Drum Island,
where I come from.
[LUFFY]
Mmm...
Oh yeah! You mean the
bear rabbit guys, right?
Those Lapins looked
different from these,
and they didn't swim, but...
[LAW]
I think they're Sea Lapins.
Huh? How do you know?
I saw some of them once
when I was sailing across
the North Blue,
but Sea Lapins aren't normally
found here in the New World.
Was that why you came
down with us, Raccoon?
[CHOPPER]
Hm.
Hey! Who are you
calling Raccoon?
I'm a reindeer, jerk!
How would you like
it if I said you were
a big ugly rat
that eats garbage?
What's so funny, Luffy?
Quit laughing!
Sorry, sorry!
That is why I came down,
but it wasn't the only reason.
[SEA LAPIN A murmurs]
Guys, one of them didn't
want to fight us.
He told me so!
I see, Raccoon, so you can
understand what animals say.
Uh-huh. It really comes
in handy when we--
Hey! Come on, there was
no excuse for it that time!
[LUFFY laughs]
[LAW]
That Breed guy
who's ordering those
Sea Lapins around.
Does he really work
for Doflamingo?
This could get really tricky.
[LUFFY] Hey look!
They're going inside now!
[LAW, CHOPPER]
Huh?
Be extra careful.
This place is enemy territory--
Hey! It's not as dark over here!
What did I just tell you?
Stop yelling!
Yeah, I hate to say this, but
I'm with Jerkface on this one!
[LAW grunts]
Whoa. Check this place out!
It's like a giant fish tank!
[CHOPPER] It feels like
we're walking underwater.
[LUFFY]
Look, Chopper!
It goes all the way
up to the ceiling!
[LAW] Stay alert.
We're not here for sightseeing.
[LUFFY] Whoa! Check out
that cool shrimp over there!
[CHOPPER]
Awesome!
[LAW]
We don't have time for games.
[CHOPPER, LUFFY]
Huh?
[LAW grunts]
[yells]
[chuckles]
Now let's have some real fun!
[LAW]
Room!
All those arms are
no match for mine!
[yells]
[OCTOPUS A groans]
So, how'd you like that?
[chuckles]
It's almost morning now.
We'd better hurry up.
[ALL gasp]
[yells]
[LAW]
He can use Haki. I knew it.
[grunts]
Wait, I've got some unfinished
business with this guy.
[DUGONG A grunts]
If you wanna fight me with Haki,
then I'm not gonna hold back!
It's on!
[LUFFY, DUGONG A grunting]
[LUFFY laughs]
I gotcha!
[DUGONG A grunts]
[LUFFY]
Whoo! I gotcha!
[DUGONG A grunts]
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Hm...? Uh!
Whoa, what's he
freaking out over?
What is he saying?
He says, "It's been such
a long time, Master".
Oh that's right,
I recognize this guy!
He trained under
Luffy in Alabasta!
The Kung Fu Dugong!
I demand an explanation
for this nonsense!
How dare you imprison the genius
scientist Caesar Clown?
Isn't anybody listening to me?
Release me now, or else!
[BREED laughs]
Huh?
[BREED]
Hello, Caesar.
I trust all is well with you?
[gasps] Oh, a familiar face
at last, thank goodness!
Now then, would you
mind setting me free?
I need to see Doflamingo.
That's enough whining,
worthless human scum!
[CAESAR CLOWN gasps]
Wh-What are you doing?
Does this mean... that you
aren't working for Doflamingo?
Don't toy with me!
I am the great Caesar Clown!
Heh, I know who you are.
Joker's little
pet scientist, correct?
You know Joker?
Then you must be connected to
the underground network as well!
[BREED laughs]
Just be a good pet and wag
your tail for master Breed!
I intend to create the
kingdom of my dreams,
and I need your intellect
to make it a reality!
Kingdom? I am the greatest mind
this world has ever seen,
and you are a despotic
blowhard I only just met!
So why should I obey
the likes of you?
[laughs] Well, I do hope you
enjoyed your final moments
of independence, Caesar.
Wh-What are you doing?
Stop it! Stay away from me!
[yells]
Hey! I remember you!
Yeah, you're the Kung Fu Seal
I met back in Alabasta!
[DUGONG A babbles]
"It's good to see you, Master!"
How cool!
I can't believe we
ran into you again!
How've you been, buddy?
You two are already catching up?
What's this all about?
Well, see, this Kung Fu
Dugong happens to be
the same one Luffy
met a long time ago
in a kingdom called Alabasta.
[DUGONG A]
Ha, ha!
[CHOPPER]
Kung Fu Dugongs love fighting,
and they're quick to
challenge anyone to a duel.
But...
[LUFFY]
Whoo! I gotcha!
[CHOPPER]
Luffy beat him.
When a Kung Fu Dugong
loses a fight,
he becomes disciple
to the winner.
[DUGONG A whimpers]
And that's pretty much it.
[LAW] That makes sense.
But what are they up to now?
Huh?
Here we go! Follow my lead.
Right fist! Left fist! One! Two!
Pull your arm all the
way back and go!
And make sure you put
your whole body into it!
Even more power than that!
Now one! Two! One! Two!
[CHOPPER] Wow, they're like
two peas in a pod.
[LUFFY] You really are the
seal I met a long time ago!
You're way stronger
than you used to be!
[DUGONG A babbles]
Huh? What's going on there?
[CHOPPER]
Hm?
[DUGONG A babbles]
[CHOPPER] He says he saw
the scar on your chest
in the newspaper and copied it!
Whoa. Did you fight Akainu too?
[DUGONG A babbles]
He painted it on!
[LUFFY laughs]
That's so weird!
[LAW] Look, this is a
heartwarming reunion and all,
but what I want to know is what
are you doing in the New World,
and more importantly, why did
you kidnap our hostage?
[gasps, babbles]
He says, "I'm really sorry that
I attacked your ship, Master!
I didn't even know it was yours.
I do have a good
reason for it, though.
The truth is..."
[DUGONG A babbles]
[CHOPPER] "You said something
during my training."
[LUFFY] When you're a pirate,
you're always free!
There's more fun out there at
sea than you can imagine!
[DUGONG A babbles]
[CHOPPER]
"I was inspired by your words,
so I decided to set out
to sea on my own!
I wanted to become a free
pirate just like you, Master!"
[DUGONG A shouts]
[CHOPPER] "I faced some
challenging enemies."
[DUGONG A babbles]
[CHOPPER] "But I made
lots of friends too!"
[DUGONG A babbles]
[CHOPPER' "We formed a pirate
band of sea creatures
and went on tons of
adventures together!
Then we eventually made
it to the New World!
But not long after that,
was when we met that
terrible pirate Breed!"
[BREED]
Oh?
A pirate group comprised
entirely of sea monsters?
How interesting!
I think I'd like all of you
to be part of my crew!
[CHOPPER] "We've been working
as his slaves ever since.
That's why we kidnapped Caesar.
Breed ordered us to do it
and we couldn't refuse!"
I get it. Breed is
the mastermind.
It turns out Doflamingo
had nothing to do
with what happened after all.
I'm still confused though.
You're pretty tough, why don't
you just kick his butt
and tell him to stop
messing with you?
[DUGONG A babbles]
[CHOPPER]
"Because..."
[BREED] Fall in line,
you bunch of fleabags!
[gasps]
--Huh?
--[CHOPPER] That voice.
Uh. What happened?
[DUGONG A babbles]
Huh?
[babbling contines]
[CHOPPER]
He says to get out of here!
What the...?
[ANIMALS shout]
[LUFFY gasps]
[BREED laughs]
My goodness, would you
take a look at that?
It seems we have some visitors!
[ANIMALS gasp]
You should be ashamed.
You've all disappointed
me terribly.
You know, a pet is loyal to
its master, but it's also loyal,
not to mention loyal,
and above all loyal.
Am I being clear?
And loyalty means,
when I say fall in,
you have three seconds
to execute my command!
Kung Fu Dugong! You're supposed
to be responsible for
uniting this pack
of unruly strays!
If you let your master
down again,
you're a failure as a pet!
That's no better than a human!
We don't have time for this.
Give Caesar back to us.
What? I'll do no such thing!
Huh? Ah, I see.
It's you mongrels.
[BREED chuckles]
Yes, it is I, Breed!
I'm a pirate.
A pirate?
[BREED laughs] Who would have
guessed the infamous Warlord
Trafalgar Law would show
up with Straw Hat Luffy,
the pirate worth 400 million?
I must say I appreciate you
chasing us all the way here,
you flea-bitten dogs!
[chuckles]
[gasps, babbles]
You think you can beat us
with your stupid goop hand?
Why don't you watch
and see? Pet-Pet!
--[CHOPPER gasps]
--[BREED] Heh!
[LUFFY, LAW gasp]
[CHOPPER grunts]
Wh-What is this thing?
I can't get it off!
How's this s'posed to work?
[whimpers]
What's wrong, Chopper?
[BREED laughs] I've really
got to hand it to you!
The two of you are quite strong.
Stronger than me for certain.
That said,
I still hold the advantage in
this battle as you'll soon see!
[LAW, LUFFY gasp]
Now, I order you, beast!
[CHOPPER]
Huh? Me?
You will attack Trafalgar
Law and Straw Hat.
Rip them to shreds, now!
[gasps]
Hey, what the heck's going on?
You're acting a little weird.
[CHOPPER]
I-I can't control myself!
[CHOPPER gasps]
Huh? The Rumble Ball?
[gasps]
[CHOPPER yells]
Uh, hey, raccoon?
[CHOPPER growls]
[laughs]
That is an impressive trick!
What is that thing doing to you?
[CHOPPER yells]
[LUFFY]
Watch it, you almost hit us!
Why don't you fight him?
That bastard!
[BREED laughs]
[CHOPPER yells]
You guys have to
get away from me!
[LUFFY grunts]
What's wrong with him?
He knows what he's doing but...
It looks like this collar thing
is giving him
control of my body!
Just hurry up and run away
before he makes me smash you!
I'll have to use Room. Sorry.
[LUFFY] No, don't!
You're gonna hurt him!
I'm not gonna
kill him, you idiot!
I have to get control
of him somehow!
[LAW, LUFFY gasp]
[LAW shouts]
He got me!
[BREED laughs]
[LAW growls]
[BREED continues laughing]
I already told you,
I'm gifted with the power
of the Pet-Pet Fruit!
Wait a minute. Pet-Pet?
Bingo! It gives me the
ability to manipulate
any living thing simply by
fitting it with one of these
wonderful glowing
collars of mine!
[laughs] Well, I hope you
enjoy being my pets!
Your pets? You can't force me
to listen to you, you weirdo!
Oh, but I can, and you're about
to discover that for yourself!
With those collars, I'll be able
to harness all of your powers
to their fullest extent!
From now on, you pathetic
creatures are going to obey
your new master's
every single command!
[BREED laughs]
[NARRATOR] The sinister
Breed uses the powers of his
Pet-Pet fruit to capture
Luffy and Law.
Although both try fighting back,
they're unable to break free of
the captain's clever trap and
are forced to fight one another
to the death.
With seemingly no way out,
their battle suddenly reaches
an unexpected conclusion!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Luffy Dies at Sea?!
The Pirate Alliance
Comes Apart!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!